Never before our world is changing.
Faced with some of our most critical challenges,
human ingenuity triumphs.
Today,
the Microsoft AI for Good initiative enables a person with
an idea to accelerate it, to give it scale,
to create change for the better.
Microsoft AI will help our work by empowering people to
take action. Through AI for Earth,
photos can now help save a species. With AI for
accessibility, the visual world becomes an audible,
experience sanitary and peanut butter. And with AI for
humanitarian action,
first responders can target their efforts faster than ever
before.
It feels humbling to know that I'm actually helping another
human being.
Today,
we are empowering others to forge new paths to fight famine
before crisis strikes and protect ecosystems. By
identifying forests down to a single tree,
we have the forest that we have today. We can't change that.
What we can change is the future. Microsoft AI is fueling
some of the most passionate and creative people on our
planet with the help of citizen scientists to make change
once thought impossible.
Real AI will know and understand and model based on the
child interaction.
AI unleashes new possibilities to impact our world,
and together, we're not just dreaming it, we're doing it.